Your little girl is not big or small
Isn't what I said the truth?
Okay, you siblings are noisy when they meet
What's the noise?
This private chat
The marriage with Wushuang was made by your grandfather
How about today?
I called Wushuang here so that you guys can meet
Ziyao, what do you think?
I don't think so. Did I ask you?
grandma
I think it's ok
Thank you grandma for your approval
I promise that after I marry Siyao
Will definitely inherit the Wu family's estate
And since then, the Wu family's industry has been carried forward
You listen, you listen
Are you talking human?
Then I haven't married Siyao yet
It started to attack our Wu family's industry
Where do you live and where do you live?
According to your grandfather's last wish?
After unparalleled and 41 got married
To inherit the Wu family's estate
But what?
It depends on your silent ability
What can I do?
grandma
He gave me a present before you came
I'll show you what it is.
Hey, look at this bunch of trash
What kind of precious nonsense traditional Chinese medicine?
It also cost 38 yuan.
This is not an insult to our skeleton